so I was rewatching nymphomaniac volume
to a Netflix for whatever reason started
playing this obscure little thriller
called radius that has nothing to do
with math but I thought it was a solid
streebek because of the premise it got
me intrigued too got me into it and then
I left me hanging like a girl on a first
date
let me explain so there's a car crash
that happens right at the beginning of
this movie and this dude right here
wakes up not knowing anything he doesn't
know he got there he doesn't know his
name he doesn't know his favorite Marvel
movie nada luckily he has his wallet
which you know I like that smart
characters so he figures out his name
and where he lives
problem is that this dude realizes that
anyone who comes within 50 feet of him
dead hence the name radius get it these
guys just trust falls straight down
their eyes turning to store him and my
guy just looks around going he realizes
this when he starts testing out on birds
which i think is a genius idea sucks for
the birds
but after committing more foul play than
Hitchcock does in his movie he comes
across this woman who comes with in his
50 feet but doesn't die you know you
know she should learn not to invade
people's personal space she too woke up
not knowing absolutely anything but was
actually in his car that was crashed on
the side of the road they quickly
realized that as long as they're
together no one's gonna die like this
poor cop right here but I'm going to
assume that since he's killing
everything that's alive around him that
the insects that he comes across are
just you know falling we don't see them
that the grass and the trees take a
little bit longer to whittle so like
within the week or probably end of the
month this entire place is gonna look
like California on a good day but after
they go through their adventures they
have a cool little elevator scene
there's this like accidental massacre
that you know happens they find the
girl's husband due to a radio interview
that he does and the guy just joins them
here's the thing while I love the
premise of the movie right I was digging
it I was all in it's great but there's a
certain point where you kind of just
wonder why especially when they keep
saying this rot the movie look I know it
sounds risky but I need to figure out
what this thing is so at a certain point
I'm sitting there going actually yeah
how would they actually explain this
this is there actually a backstory to
this or is this just crazy movie writing
well it turns out that my man over here
is Ted Bundy he just didn't know it Jay
actually had a twin sister and this dude
kidnapped tossed her body in the lake
and she ends up going crazy looking for
her nobody listens to her so she decides
to jump off a bridge so she can meet her
in the afterlife and this guy's sweet
talks her from killing herself so he can
kill her anyway as he kidnaps her the
serial killer doesn't know how to stiff
arm well so they get into a crash and
that's when this happens I guess Zeus
had it out for them and wanted them to
learn a lesson I mean the last dude who
got electrocuted like discovered
electricity but these two get
electrocuted and they give us a decent
Netflix movie if I were to guess the
purpose of it right like if there was a
meaning to it I would say it's kind of
like Freaky Friday you know how that
doesn't actually make sense but it's
like this cosmic thing that happens in
order for them to learn a lesson they
switch bodies in order for them to be
able to appreciate each other and in
this one this guy gets zapped in order
to learn his lesson about killing people
that radius' death circle thing you know
can be seen as a metaphor that you know
he's a serial killer so the people who
get too close to him they end up dying
the girl's journey would be like a
restart of sorts and she tries to get
her justice and the killer realizes by
the end of it that you know his
murderous ways are a little bit off so
he asked themselves teaching us all
we're viewing this movie that the best
way for a criminal to learn their lesson
is by electrocuting them or that's just
capital punishment thank you guys for
checking out this movie as always I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
there's a bunch of Netflix movies out
there there's like a whole list so if
there's a specific one you want me to
cover let me know down below if you have
any other theories like I said for me
it's a you know it's a metaphor the
serial killer things around them they
die cool movie I love the elevator scene
other than that yeah the ending really
has created super quick other than that
let me know your thoughts down below in
the comment section don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and you too
can get your own Netflix original movie